📝 Add Exclusive Gateway Doc (#8)
atlas-engine/ContributionGuidelines: docs/getting_started/bpmn_elements/exclusive_gateway.md

# Exclusive Gateway

> An Exclusive Gateway is used to make the decision where the process execution shall continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Exclusive Gateway is used to split the Process Models path.
```

> For example you could check if previous input is valid.

Reviewer: Würd ich hier noch nicht erwähnen. Hier gehts erstmal nur grundsätzlich darum, was das ist.

```suggestion
```

![Exclusive Gateway](images/exlusive_gateway/exclusive_gateway.svg)

> The process execution is redirected to one of the modeled, outbound paths. Which path is taken depends on which Sequence Flow contains a matching condition. An Exclusive Gateway can have any number of outgoing paths, but only one path can be executed per process instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Exclusive Gateway can have an unlimited number of outgoing paths, but only *one* path can be taken by each Process Instance.
Conditions on the outgoing sequence flows determine, which path the Process Instance will take. 
```

It is possible to define a default Sequence Flow, which is used if none of the Sequence Flows contains a matching condition.

If no Sequence Flow has a matching condition and no Sequence Flow is marked as default flow, the process execution breaks at the

> Exclusive Gateway with an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to define a default Sequence Flow, which is used if none of the Sequence Flows contains a matching condition.

If no Sequence Flow has a matching condition and no Sequence Flow is marked as default flow, the process execution breaks at the Exclusive Gateway with an error.

An error will also occur, if more than one Sequence Flow has a condition that has been fulfilled.
```

**Example Process**:

![Exclusive Gateway Example Process](images/exlusive_gateway/exclusive_gateway_example.svg)

We have a task with the ID `User_Age` that returns an object with a property called `age` that is a number.
We want to check if the user is aged 18 or above. The result of this check will determine through which path our process will continue.
If the user **is** 18 or above, the process should continue through the first Sequence Flow.
Otherwise, the path following through the second Sequence Flow should be taken.

> To accomplish this, we can add a condition to each of the Sequence Flow.

Reviewer: Absätze sind freundliche Wesen, die gerne benutzt werden. :+1:  

```suggestion
We have a task with the ID `User_Age` that returns an object with a property called `age` that is a number.

We want to check if the user is aged 18 or above.
The result of this check will determine through which path our process will continue.

If the user **is** 18 or above, the process should continue through the first Sequence Flow.
Otherwise, the path following through the second Sequence Flow should be taken.

To accomplish this, we can add a condition to each of the Sequence Flow.
```
